added more documentation (#43)
JuliaOpt/Dualization.jl: docs/src/manual.md

|   `SingleVariable`   |
|   `ScalarAffineFunction`   |

## Dualize a model

```@docs
dualize
```

## DualOptimizer

> You can solve primal problems using its dual formulation. 

Reviewer: Trailing space at the end :)

> You can solve primal problems using its dual formulation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can solve a primal problem by using its dual formulation. 
```

ADD EXAMPLE.

## Adding new sets

> As Dualization.jl it build entirely on top of MathOptInterface.jl automatically dualize models with custom sets. 

Reviewer: it -> is
build -> built

Reviewer 2: this sentence doesn't make sense even with @blegat's suggestions

To do this, the user needs to define the set and its dual set in MathOptInterface.jl and provide the functions

> `dual_set` and `set_dot` for the set it wants to dualize.

Reviewer 2: it -> the user
